# MultCaseNotionLogExtrThis repository hosts all data for our project in the Data Extraction for Process Mining Seminar Project by Rachel Brabender and Oliver Clasen. The included code was used to simulate a renting process within multiple rental stores. After simulating the process, we used a self written xes extraction tool to create multiple XES logs with different case notions.* The folder _generatedData_ holds created csv files. The files _address_, _brand_, _customer_, _equipment_, _inventory_, _staff_ and _store_ are the foundations for simulating the process. The other files are created during the simulation and replaced every time you execute the process simulation.* The folder _graphs_ include several directly follows graphs which were created with _ProM 6.9_ and the _Convert log to directly follows graph_ plugin.* During the process simulation, we are creating two files which are stored in the directory _tableLogs_. Here, ```tableLog.csv``` is a table representation of a XOC log.* The extracted XES logs are then stored in the folder _xesLogs_.* The documentation regarding the evaluation can be found in the folder _documentation_.## Setup PythonWe are using some libraries which are not part of the default python libraries. Therefore, we use the package manager brew and pip3. In order to check weather you have installed all necessary dependencies please run:```bash installLibraries.sh```## Run Process SimulatorThe code below executes our self-written process simulator which creates the extended_tableLog.csv file as a basis for the different case notion extractions. Furthermore, we create a XOC table log which is strict after the modelling notation. Additionally, the simulated events are stored as csv files in generatedData as input for a database.```python3 process_simulator.py```You can pass multiple arguments:- **_-i_** interval steps for the simulation in hours, int, default = 1- **_-s_** or **_--start_** start time of the simulation, [YYYY/MM/DD hh:mm], default = "2020/01/01 08:00"- **_-e_** or **_--end_** the latest point of time for starting a rental, [YYYY/MM/DD hh:mm], default = "2020/01/31 17:00"## Run XES Log ExtractorFor extracting XES logs from our simulated database, you can choose up to two views (columns) in order to derive an XES log file. The script uses the ```tableLogs/extended_tableLog.csv``` file created from the process simulation as an input.```python3 xes_log_tool.py rental```or```python3 xes_log_tool.py rental inventory```